#[170727] iLog
@ 7002, B Area, Chongqing University
& myself

## iLife

Yesterday afternoon, I met my friend Cai Lang. He asked my if he can borrow my guitar to practice for preparing teaching somebody. I told him to fetch it after my class. About 10 p.m. He knocked at my door, I forgot this things and i was surprise seeing him after opening the door. But after a little time, I remembered he's ask. 

He, however, didn't take my guitar away, because we plan to pracitce it together tomorror morning. I think it's a good idea, which can wake my up early, although it cost some time.

This morning, I woke up at 7:26, and I have no time to take a shower. So, I changed my close, went breakfast with him. We planed to buy a music score desk. But when we went through the underground passage between A and B area. We foud that the musical shop hasn't been open. 

The weather was so hat, and i remembered weather station has released the Red Alert about hot tempreture. We felt a little  disappointed, but we immediately went back to fetch our guitars and carry out our plan. 

We have a nice morning even though at the beginning, weather is hot. He taught me some basic music theory and help me find my top high pitch, practice my vocalization. He sang with playing guitar. It souded amazing. Playing guitar is fun, even though I felt a little dizzy beacuse my brain lacks air when I practice my voice hard.

Hope, we will keep enjoying practicing guitar. He also taught me that it's good to do something exercise outside, breathing fresh air and return to nature.



Afternoon, I sleep for a while, when i woke up, it's 14:27, three minutes left for my course. I hesitated if i went to course. I was afraid about being regarded as lazy boy. So some parts of me want to escape from this course. But when I thought if i don't go this course afternoon, what should i do in the afternoon? So I got out of my bedroom. Walking in the corridor of my apartment. I still wanted to escape. I even wanted to send message to my friend who chooses this course same with me. But I didn't, and kept walking. When I got outside of my apartment, the sun was like beside your shoulder. But I was thinking that it's ok to be late for this course, don't be so tight for myself, people late like me also can go to class, nobody laughes at them. Thinking about this, I arrived at the square befor the second multi-purpose use building. At that moment, one thought came to my head. Trying thinking about I have finished this task successfully, then it's easy to carry out the beginning.

Actually, before I went into this class, there was a beautiful woman. I sat on the last fourth seat, beside a girl dyed her hair. I also found a girl who is different from others. She is tall as me, and her legs is slim. She wore a white T-shirt, whose collar has cyan and yellow rings, below is a suitable hot pants, across the white, healthy and long leg, there were a pink New Balance sport shoes. I like girls wearing sport shoes. That's the symbol suggest the girl loveing sports and she is healthy. Her wears her hair in ponytail, which makes me think her is clean and simple.  In my eyes, she is beautiful but hot, healthy and simple, pure like a white paper. She is the best suitable girl as my son's mother so far. 

But I am a person who has girlfriend, and we love each other. In fact, I wanted to try get her connectiong. She bought her water from the vending machine, and i could pretend my network was broken and ask her bought my a Coke. I would use Alipay to pay her back. In that way, I can get her phone number. But I didn't do my plan. I lost passion for making bold attempts, at least in chasing girls. But it's not bad, because I can miss her in my day dream. Distance lends enchantment to the view.  





















