# [170728] iLog

@ 7002, B Area, Chongqing University
& myself and two little guinea pigs

## iLife

This morning, we carried out our plan for pracitcing our guitar playing skill. Practice is very hard, my fingers got blisters, it's hert when I press the keyboard with my left fingers.

This afternoon, we have the last course. I look around for that girl, except to find her. But it seems that she didn't come. I remember i saw her in D area. She must be 2015 grade. 

After class, my friend Tian Changyuan sent me a message, asked if my 3D printer can run normally. I told him he can have a try, and have dinner with me. Now he stands beside me, 3D printing somethings. I suggested him to sleep here, and play guitar tomorrow morning.

The sewer blocked just now. I put  all 5 day's excrement and urine of my three little guinea pigs into the poor sewer, suddenly, it blocked with excrement floating up. What a mess! I brought a toilet-plunger, and plugged and pulled it for many times. But nothing happended. I felt depressed. But I wanna take a shower because I was to be covered in sweat. So, I tried another tool, one stick, which must be a brush stick before. I putted that stick in, tried to 
figure out what happend inside the sewer. As i pushing that stick into it, a sudden sound went into my ears. After a little while, everything is fine. And I took a comfortable shower!

## iStudy

I want to encrypt my iLog, because some contents is secret, which can bring terrible result in others' heart. Also, I need a secret environment to reveal my innermost thoughts. The server github.com provides me not private repository. Even it's privite, it's also better to encrypt my secret. So, I want my friend, Python's power to help me. 

There are two methods of cryptography: Public-key cryptography and Private-key cryptography, also seperated as Asymmetric cryptography and Symmetric cryptography. 

Public-key cryptography has two keys, public and the private keys. The private one should be taken care of, never be exposed to public. Instead, the public key can be exposed to public. The secret message can be encrypt by either the public one or the private one, and decrypt by the other. 

Private-key cryptography has just one key, the private one. Both side should keep the key from non-trust people. The one side use the key to encrypt the secret message, and the others use the same key to decrypt the cipher.

As my case, I need only the private-key cryptography. Keep my key safe, then use the key to encrypt and decrypt my secrets.
