# [iLog] 
@ Home, Shangqiu, Henan
& with my family

## iLife

Yesterday, I went home from ShenZhen, passing by WuHan. 

Out team didn't get any prize. I was disappointed. In the other hand, we went to ShenZhen, and knew something about this city, I think it's another prize. In my view, ShenZhen is a young city full of young people. I saw old people little. Around us were people like us. Talk straight, there are many yong women with long legs everywhere. I think it's one reason why this city won my favour, another is the weather, fresh and blue sky, people here don't have to worry about the bad air may harm them. But I have to say, service in ShenZhen gave me a bad impression, especially the catering business. The server of the resterant we eat was so discourteous that we all felt bad eatting there. 

I went to Wuhan with Jiahui, where the weather is hot as ChongQing. I hate the train station of Wuhan Bei. Because the WC was so hard and far to find. You'd better to borrow an OFO, then ride as the road sign tell you, especially in a hot noon. We eat Dicous there. Then I bought several ZhouHeiYa for my family.

Today, I got up early, about 5:40. Then I went around. I'd better not run in the morning. It's stange, and not funny. I wanna run with youngs, especially the attractive girls. But in there, only olds can got up as early as me. It' feels strange.

The moment before, we went Sun and Moon lake for walking. The distance is a little long for me. I felt happy my hometown is getting more and more beautiful. I had to sleep, i am feeling tired.

