# [170721] iLog
@ Yujinxiang International Apartment, Shapingba, Chongqing
& Jiahui

## iLife

Today, Lao Yu sent me a message on wechat. He asked if i had time to take over his company. I approved that before i went to practice in Xichang. But now, I am in two minds. I don't know how to answer him. 

In one hand, I wanna say no to this, because I don't like his partner (I think it's not an important problem when i wrote it down.) Besides, I feel confused with my future, I have a little trouble with my collage which needs me put into more time. 

In the other hand, I think taking over his conpany is a challenge, which may strong my sense of responsibility, and temper my will power. 

But I have not dicided how to make use of this company. And I am afraid it will become a burden if I don't want put into time. All in all, I am fear to fail. 

Actually, after I wrote down these thoughts in my head, I calm down, then I realize it's a big chance for me to learn how to operate a company. And if i put into time, it's possible to get a good result, just like learning Python language.

## iRead

1. Hacking Secret Ciphers with Python
 
 - [Caesar cipher](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caesar_cipher) : This cipher was used by Julius Caesar two thousand years ago. He used a *cipher wheel* which have two wheels arranged with 26 letters, and 26 numbers. The outer wheel matches your *plantexts*, and the inner wheel matches your *ciphertexts* and the important *key* which is a number between 0 to 25. 

2. 冶金传输原理

 - 
